src/README.md, before:

# Caged Inside The Mind
Caged Inside the Mind User Manual

What is Caged Inside the Mind?

Caged Inside the Mind is an educational game designed by three independent developers at CoffeeSoftware Inc. (Ryan Atlas,
Samuel Huang and Daniel Morgan) from Toronto, Ontario designed to teach teens how to cope with depression. 
The game revolves around symbolic puzzles, educational tidbits, platforming and fighting off intrusive 
thoughts personified as enemies and bosses to reach the end and have the main character seek help. 
You, as the player, play as the last vestiges of the main character's hope and receive advice from the 
main character's older brother as you progress throughout the game. For more information about
our development process, check out our blog at https://sites.google.com/student.tdsb.on.ca/coffeesoftware-blog/home

How to play

Use the mouse to navigate the menus. On the main menu, you left or right click on each of the buttons
to navigate to either the instructions, main game, credits or to exit. The instructions page features
in-depth instructions on how to play the game. Inside the game, you can control the player with W, A, D and
SHIFT. As the game does platforming in a side-scrolling manner, D moves the player right across the screen,
A moves the player left and W jumps. SHIFT functions as the player's dash, which also deals damage to enemies
and bosses and allows for greater mobility. Remembering information and advice given by the brother and by
signs in-game will be important for progressing. And remember, above all, never give up hope!

Troubleshooting

The game should be completely uncrashable unless there is an issue with reading the level data files
in which case the program will throw a runtime error and you will be prompted to redownload the level
data files, which can be found in our GitHub repository at https://github.com/Dmrgn/Caged
If you are running the executable file, there should be no issues whatsoever as the level data files
should be included in the executable. If you have any issues, email any of the developers at
either ryan.atlas@student.tdsb.on.ca, daniel.morgan@student.tdsb.on.ca or samuel.huang4@student.tdsb.on.ca

Possible Glitches

The game, despite our best efforts, contains some bugs still that may affect gameplay but not crash
the program or softlock the game. These are: potential issues with wall collision (the player may be able
to fall through the floor next to a wall if they are moving too much. At worst, this simply causes the player
to fall through the level and respawn back at the beginning), extraneous red rectangles (red rectangles occasionally
appear near menu buttons for no particular reason) and menu button visuals being off on re-entry (returning
to the menu occasionally results in half of each button not flashing). Please report any new glitches to any
of the developers at ryan.atlas@student.tdsb.on.ca, daniel.morgan@student.tdsb.on.ca or samuel.huang4@student.tdsb.on.ca.
Although this is a class assignment, we do care about the game for its own sake and may issue fixes in the future.

Commit message:

Updated README to add even more information

src/README.md, after:

# Caged Inside The Mind
Caged Inside the Mind User Manual

What is Caged Inside the Mind?

Caged Inside the Mind is an educational game designed by three independent developers at CoffeeSoftware Inc. (Ryan Atlas,
Samuel Huang and Daniel Morgan) from Toronto, Ontario designed to teach teens how to cope with depression. 
The game revolves around symbolic puzzles, educational tidbits, platforming and fighting off intrusive 
thoughts personified as enemies and bosses to reach the end and have the main character seek help. 
You, as the player, play as the last vestiges of the main character's hope and receive advice from the 
main character's older brother as you progress throughout the game. For more information about
our development process, check out our blog at https://sites.google.com/student.tdsb.on.ca/coffeesoftware-blog/home

How to play

Use the mouse to navigate the menus. On the main menu, you left or right click on each of the buttons
to navigate to either the instructions, main game, credits or to exit. The instructions page features
in-depth instructions on how to play the game. Inside the game, you can control the player with W, A, D and
SHIFT. As the game does platforming in a side-scrolling manner, D moves the player right across the screen,
A moves the player left and W jumps. SHIFT functions as the player's dash, which also deals damage to enemies
and bosses and allows for greater mobility. E is used to interact with objects in game, including signs, doors
and the sentimental items used to open doors. Different screens within levels can be acessed by reaching
certain points and getting teleported into the next screen, though each level requires the player to open and go
through a door. In the instructions and credits screens, H is used to close those screens and return to the menu. 
H is also used to close signs in game. The number keys 1, 2, 3, and 4 are used to answer the questions displayed on question 
signs, which test the player's knowledge. Collecting items in game and passing the quiz signs are required to move 
on to the next level. Some levels (2 and 3) will also require the player to defeat a boss to move on. Remembering 
information and advice given by the brother and by signs in-game will be important for progressing. And remember, 
above all, never give up hope!

Story Summary

The game takes place inside the mind of a troubled 13 year old who feels "caged inside their own mind" as they
struggle with depression. Throughout the course of the game, the player, playing as the last bit of the 13 year old's
hope, learns and answers questions on depression, fights off intrusive thoughts in the form of enemies, receives advice
from the 13 year old's older brother and collects sentimental items. Level 1 focuses more on education, level 2 focuses more
on blocking out intrusive thoughts and quizzing and level 3 focuses more escaping the mind so that the 13 year old can finally
seek the help they need. 

Troubleshooting

The game should be completely uncrashable unless there is an issue with reading the level data files
in which case the program will throw a runtime error and you will be prompted to redownload the level
data files, which can be found in our GitHub repository at https://github.com/Dmrgn/Caged
If you are running the executable file, there should be no issues whatsoever as the level data files
should be included in the executable. If you have any issues, email any of the developers at
either ryan.atlas@student.tdsb.on.ca, daniel.morgan@student.tdsb.on.ca or samuel.huang4@student.tdsb.on.ca

Possible Glitches

The game, despite our best efforts, contains some bugs still that may affect gameplay but not crash
the program or softlock the game. These are: potential issues with wall collision (the player may be able
to fall through the floor next to a wall if they are moving too much. At worst, this simply causes the player
to fall through the level and respawn back at the beginning), extraneous red rectangles (red rectangles occasionally
appear near menu buttons for no particular reason) and menu button visuals being off on re-entry (returning
to the menu occasionally results in half of each button not flashing). Please report any new glitches to any
of the developers at ryan.atlas@student.tdsb.on.ca, daniel.morgan@student.tdsb.on.ca or samuel.huang4@student.tdsb.on.ca.
Although this is a class assignment, we do care about the game for its own sake and may issue fixes in the future.
